
This directory contains information that may be customized for each
site.  This README provides a short synopsis  of each file or set of
files.  Many of the files contain extensive documentation so refer
directly to the files for more detailed information.  Where appropriate
pointers to other documentation are provided.

Miscellaneous
-------------------------------------
DataServers - information on data servers used at this site.  
This information is filled in by the installation script and can be hand
modified later.

jndi.properties - information needed by the messaging server.
This information is filled in by the installation script and can be hand
modified later.

remote_shells.site - customizations for remote shell, copy, and remote
xterm commands.  See the extensive documentation within this file.

site_runtime - environment variables used by Ecce.

GLLimits.xml - allows customization of the maximum number of viewers for
specific x servers (GLX).  This is typically not necessary except for X
emulation packages (Exceed 3D etc).

a3debug.cfg - controls logging of the Ecce messaging system.
Customization not required unless you are helping the Ecce team debug a
problem.

Machine Registration Files/Directories
--------------------------------------
The remaining files, described below, are part of the machine
registration process.  Most, but not all,  customization of these files can
be done through the Ecce Machine Registration GUI (ecce -admin).  Please read
the documentation that can be found on the web pages before customizing these
files http://ecce.emsl.pnl.gov/docs/2864B-server_reg.pdf.  

submit.site - contains documentation and basic defaults for the
CONFIG.<machine> files.

CONFIG.<machine> - contains paths (set via the GUI) and allows for
customization of the generated job scripts.

CONFIG-examples - This directory contains example CONFIG.<machine> files
for the different queuing systems.  See the README in this directory.
Use these files as examples for your own customization.

Machines - Information from the GUI about each registered machine.

README.Q - explains the syntax of the .Q files.

<machine>.Q  - describes the Queues available on each machine (if any).

QueueManagers - descriptions of queue managers and command to manipulate
them (LSF, PBS...).  This file only needs to be modified if you have a
queue system not already supported by Ecce.

Queues - specifies all the queues in use and the associated .Q file.
This fiile is modified directly by the GUI.

